README.md, before:

# assignment-module-2


## Description
 In my portfolio webpage, I added my skills, experience, and accomplishments as a software analyst. Here are some key elements in my portfolio:-

Subtitle: I mention cool subtitle in my subtitle section.

About me: I mention my current status and also with education and experience.

Technical skills: A list of your technical skills, programming languages, tools, and frameworks that I learned.

Professional experience: A summary of my work experience as a software analyst, including my roles and responsibilities.


Contact information: Finally, included my contact information, such as email and gitgub profile, so that potential employers or clients can easily reach out to me.


URLs:-
Here, you can find the webpage.

Portfolio URL:-  https://anujalawankar.github.io/assignment-module-2/


Here, you can find the GitHub url.

GitHub URL:-    https://github.com/AnujaLawankar/assignment-module-2

## Installation

N/A

## Usage

N/A

## Credits

N/A

## License

N/A

## Assets

The following image demonstrates the website appearance:

![Website](./assets/images/screenshot1.png)
![Website](./assets/images/screenshot2.png)

Commit message:

Added heroku link for group project 2

README.md, after:

# assignment-module-2


## Description
 In my portfolio webpage, I added my skills, experience, and accomplishments as a software analyst. Here are some key elements in my portfolio:-

Subtitle: I mention cool subtitle in my subtitle section.

About me: I mention my current status and also with education and experience.

Technical skills: A list of your technical skills, programming languages, tools, and frameworks that I learned.

Professional experience: A summary of my work experience as a software analyst, including my roles and responsibilities.


Contact information: Finally, included my contact information, such as email and gitgub profile, so that potential employers or clients can easily reach out to me.


URLs:-
Here, you can find the webpage.

Portfolio URL:-  https://anujalawankar.github.io/assignment-module-2/


Here, you can find the GitHub url.

GitHub URL:-    https://github.com/AnujaLawankar/assignment-module-2

Here, you can find heroku link for Group:-2 project,
Group2 Project Name :- GroanZone

Heroku URL:- https://young-reef-43824.herokuapp.com/


## Installation

N/A

## Usage

N/A

## Credits

N/A

## License

N/A

## Assets

The following image demonstrates the website appearance:

![Website](./assets/images/screenshot1.png)
![Website](./assets/images/screenshot2.png)
